Now let's add the same test for the just setup so we will have a new test after this.
Failing one.
Just copying the test description from the karma.
It's hide spinner after sign up request fails
so we will repeat the steps we see in the previous test.
So we are going to call the setup form, click the button, wait for the error message to appear and
we are not going to do anything with this error message variable.
We just use it as a reference to UI is at the state after the API request.
Now we are going to check the the status, the spinner and we are expecting that spinner not to be in
the document saving this one.
And here we can see the test is passing.